@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/layout/fragment_backstack.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon_round.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon.xml
alpha;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
alpha;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_enter_anim.xml
alpha;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_exit_anim.xml
alpha;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
alpha;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.SwitchCompat;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_switch_editor.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/layout/drawer_layout.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/layout/fragment_backstack.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/radlegendcontrol.xml
attr;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/attr.xml
attr;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
attr;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/171/jl/res/values/values.xml
attr;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
attr;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
AutoCompleteTextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_autocomplete_editor.xml
background;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon_round.xml
background;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon.xml
bitmap;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/drawable/hamburger.xml
bitmap;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable-v31/maui_splash_image.xml
bitmap;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
Button;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout-v11/on_demand_manual.xml
cache-path;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/169/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ChartPalette;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_dark_selected.xml
ChartPalette;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_default_dark.xml
ChartPalette;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_default_light.xml
ChartPalette;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_light_selected.xml
CheckBox;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_checkbox_editor.xml
CheckedTextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_list_editor_item.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/colors.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/171/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/172/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-night-v8/values-night-v8.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/values-night-v8/values-night-v8.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/res/values/colors.xml
color;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/values/maui_colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/layout/toolbar.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/layout/tabbar.xml
com.telerik.android.primitives.widget.tooltip.containers.PointerLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/tooltip_container.xml
com.telerik.widget.autocomplete.RadAutoCompleteTextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_rad_autocomplete_editor.xml
com.telerik.widget.numberpicker.RadNumberPicker;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_number_picker.xml
com.telerik.widget.primitives.legend.RadLegendItemView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/legend_item_view.xml
com.telerik.widget.primitives.panels.RadScrollView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/scrollview_scrollbars.xml
com.telerik.widget.segmented.RadSegmentedView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_radio_group_editor.xml
com.telerik.widget.segmented.RadSegmentedView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_segmented_editor.xml
corners;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/events_popup_bg.xml
corners;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/drawable/tab_view_popup_background.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/attr.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
dimen;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
dimen;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-sw320dp-v13/values-sw320dp-v13.xml
dimen;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-sw480dp-v13/values-sw480dp-v13.xml
dimen;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-sw720dp-v13/values-sw720dp-v13.xml
dimen;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
dimen;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/values/values.xml
dimen;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
EditText;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_date_editor.xml
EditText;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_decimal_editor.xml
EditText;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_integer_editor.xml
EditText;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_text_editor.xml
EditText;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_time_editor.xml
enum;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
enum;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
enum;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/169/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/169/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
fill;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_default_background.xml
flag;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon_round.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/legend_item_view.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/radchartbase.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/trackball_container.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/171/jl/res/layout/trial_message.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_default_group_layout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/number_picker.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout-v11/simple_list_item.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/navigation_item_view.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/tooltip_container.xml
gradient;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/shade_bottom.xml
gradient;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/shade_corner.xml
gradient;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/shade_right.xml
ImageView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
ImageView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
ImageView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
ImageView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/suggestion_item_layout.xml
ImageView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout/simple_group_header_item.xml
ImageView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/drawer_blur_fade_layer.xml
ImageView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/tab_item_view.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/drawable/maui_splash.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_active.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_default_background.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_list_item_states.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/events_popup_bg.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable-v21/pressable_item_background.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/gingerbread_background.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/pressable_item_background.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/selectable_item_background.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/drawable/hamburger.xml
item;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable-v31/maui_splash_image.xml
item;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/drawable/maui_splash.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_active.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_default_background.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/events_popup_bg.xml
layer-list;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/drawable/hamburger.xml
layer-list;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable-v31/maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_ohlc_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_scatter_bubble_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_scatter_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_trackball_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/ohlc_trackball_item_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/range_trackball_item_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_appointment_view.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_day_view.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_month_view.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_sticky_header_view.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_week_view.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_default_group_layout.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_group_layout.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_linear_layout.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/inline_event.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/popup_event.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/suggestion_item_layout.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout/simple_group_header_item.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/navigation_drawer_content.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/tab_item_view.xml
ListView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_list_editor.xml
merge;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/radlegendcontrol.xml
merge;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_all_day_event_view.xml
merge;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_day_event_view.xml
microsoft.maui.controls.platform.compatibility.ShellFlyoutLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
padding;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/events_popup_bg.xml
PaletteEntry;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_dark_selected.xml
PaletteEntry;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_default_dark.xml
PaletteEntry;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_default_light.xml
PaletteEntry;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_light_selected.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_dark_selected.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_default_dark.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_default_light.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/xml/chart_palettes_light_selected.xml
path;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-anydpi-v21/ic_add_white_24dp.xml
path;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/178/jl/res/drawable/entry_clear_button.xml
paths;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/169/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout/on_demand_automatic.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/167/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/attr.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/colors.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/171/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/172/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-night-v8/values-night-v8.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-sw320dp-v13/values-sw320dp-v13.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-sw480dp-v13/values-sw480dp-v13.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values-sw720dp-v13/values-sw720dp-v13.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/values-night-v8/values-night-v8.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/values/maui_colors.xml
ripple;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable-v21/pressable_item_background.xml
SeekBar;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_seek_bar_editor.xml
selector;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
selector;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_list_item_states.xml
selector;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/gingerbread_background.xml
selector;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/pressable_item_background.xml
selector;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/selectable_item_background.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_enter_anim.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_exit_anim.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_in_from_bottom.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_in_from_top.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_out_to_bottom.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_out_to_top.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/anim/drawer_slide_in_top.xml
set;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/anim/drawer_slide_out_top.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_active.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_default_background.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_invalid_background.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_invalid_icon.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_valid_background.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_valid_icon.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/dataform_number_picker_background.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/events_popup_bg.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable-v21/pressable_item_background.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/shade_bottom.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/shade_corner.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable/shade_right.xml
shape;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/drawable/tab_view_popup_background.xml
size;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_active.xml
size;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
size;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_active.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-v21/autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_invalid_background.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_invalid_icon.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_valid_background.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_valid_icon.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/dataform_number_picker_background.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/events_popup_bg.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/drawable-v21/pressable_item_background.xml
solid;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/drawable/tab_view_popup_background.xml
Spinner;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_spinner_editor.xml
string;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/167/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/171/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/172/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/values/values.xml
stroke;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/autocomplete_default_background.xml
stroke;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_invalid_background.xml
stroke;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/data_form_valid_background.xml
stroke;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/dataform_number_picker_background.xml
stroke;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable/events_popup_bg.xml
stroke;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/drawable/tab_view_popup_background.xml
style;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/166/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/values/values.xml
TableLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_root_layout.xml
TableLayout;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/177/jl/res/layout/table_layout.xml
Telerik.Maui.Controls.Compatibility.DataControlsRenderer.Android.RadExtendedListView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/177/jl/res/layout/radextendedlistview_scrollbars.xml
Telerik.Maui.Controls.Compatibility.PrimitivesRenderer.Android.AndroidNativeZoomView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/177/jl/res/layout/androidnativezoomview_scrollbars.xml
Telerik.Maui.InputElement.RadEditText;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/178/jl/res/layout/radmauientry.xml
Telerik.Maui.Platform.RadMauiEntry;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/178/jl/res/layout/radmauientry.xml
TextSwitcher;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_sticky_header_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_ohlc_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_scatter_bubble_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_scatter_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_trackball_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/default_trackball_item_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/legend_item_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/ohlc_trackball_item_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/radchartbase.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/170/jl/res/layout/range_trackball_item_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/171/jl/res/layout/trial_message.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_appointment_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_day_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_month_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_week_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_all_day_event_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_day_event_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_default_group_layout.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_header_layout_1.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_header_layout_2.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_editor_validation_layout_1.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_spinner_item.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_text_viewer.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/inline_event.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/number_picker.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/popup_event.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/suggestion_item_layout.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout-v11/simple_list_item.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout/simple_empty_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout/simple_group_header_item.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/default_tooltip_content.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/navigation_item_view.xml
TextView;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/175/jl/res/layout/tab_item_view.xml
ToggleButton;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/data_form_toggle_button_editor.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/165/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_enter_anim.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_exit_anim.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/168/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_in_from_bottom.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_in_from_top.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_out_to_bottom.xml
translate;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/anim/text_slide_out_to_top.xml
vector;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/drawable-anydpi-v21/ic_add_white_24dp.xml
vector;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/178/jl/res/drawable/entry_clear_button.xml
View;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/173/jl/res/layout/calendar_agenda_sticky_header_separator.xml
View;/Users/tostatronic/Documents/GitHub/TostatronicMobilApp/Ventas Tostatronic/Ventas Tostatronic/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/174/jl/res/layout-v11/simple_list_item.xml
