@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\layout\fragment_backstack.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\r\mipmap-anydpi-v26\appicon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\r\mipmap-anydpi-v26\appicon_round.xml
alpha;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_enter_anim.xml
alpha;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_exit_anim.xml
alpha;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
alpha;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.SwitchCompat;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_switch_editor.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\layout\drawer_layout.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\layout\fragment_backstack.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\radlegendcontrol.xml
attr;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
attr;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\attr.xml
attr;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
attr;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\171\jl\res\values\values.xml
attr;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
attr;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
AutoCompleteTextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_autocomplete_editor.xml
background;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\r\mipmap-anydpi-v26\appicon.xml
background;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\r\mipmap-anydpi-v26\appicon_round.xml
bitmap;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\drawable\hamburger.xml
bitmap;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\drawable\maui_splash_image.xml
bitmap;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\drawable-v31\maui_splash_image.xml
Button;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout-v11\on_demand_manual.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\169\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ChartPalette;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_dark_selected.xml
ChartPalette;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_default_dark.xml
ChartPalette;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_default_light.xml
ChartPalette;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_light_selected.xml
CheckBox;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_checkbox_editor.xml
CheckedTextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_list_editor_item.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\colors.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\171\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\172\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-night-v8\values-night-v8.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\values-night-v8\values-night-v8.xml
color;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
color;obj\Release\net7.0-android\res\values\colors.xml
color;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\values\maui_colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\layout\toolbar.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\layout\tabbar.xml
com.telerik.android.primitives.widget.tooltip.containers.PointerLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\tooltip_container.xml
com.telerik.widget.autocomplete.RadAutoCompleteTextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_rad_autocomplete_editor.xml
com.telerik.widget.numberpicker.RadNumberPicker;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_number_picker.xml
com.telerik.widget.primitives.legend.RadLegendItemView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\legend_item_view.xml
com.telerik.widget.primitives.panels.RadScrollView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\scrollview_scrollbars.xml
com.telerik.widget.segmented.RadSegmentedView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_radio_group_editor.xml
com.telerik.widget.segmented.RadSegmentedView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_segmented_editor.xml
corners;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\events_popup_bg.xml
corners;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\drawable\tab_view_popup_background.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\attr.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-sw320dp-v13\values-sw320dp-v13.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-sw480dp-v13\values-sw480dp-v13.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-sw720dp-v13\values-sw720dp-v13.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\values\values.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
EditText;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_date_editor.xml
EditText;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_decimal_editor.xml
EditText;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_integer_editor.xml
EditText;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_text_editor.xml
EditText;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_time_editor.xml
enum;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
enum;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
enum;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\169\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\169\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
fill;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_default_background.xml
flag;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
foreground;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\r\mipmap-anydpi-v26\appicon.xml
foreground;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\r\mipmap-anydpi-v26\appicon_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\legend_item_view.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\radchartbase.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\trackball_container.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\171\jl\res\layout\trial_message.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_default_group_layout.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\number_picker.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout-v11\simple_list_item.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\navigation_item_view.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\tooltip_container.xml
gradient;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\shade_bottom.xml
gradient;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\shade_corner.xml
gradient;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\shade_right.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\suggestion_item_layout.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout\simple_group_header_item.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\drawer_blur_fade_layer.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\tab_item_view.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\values\styles.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\drawable\maui_splash.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\styles.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_default_background.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_list_item_states.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\events_popup_bg.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_active.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\gingerbread_background.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\pressable_item_background.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\selectable_item_background.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable-v21\pressable_item_background.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\drawable\hamburger.xml
item;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\drawable\maui_splash_image.xml
item;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\drawable-v31\maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\drawable\maui_splash.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\drawable\maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_default_background.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\events_popup_bg.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_active.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\drawable\hamburger.xml
layer-list;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\drawable\maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\drawable-v31\maui_splash_image.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_ohlc_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_scatter_bubble_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_scatter_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_trackball_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\ohlc_trackball_item_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\range_trackball_item_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_appointment_view.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_day_view.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_month_view.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_sticky_header_view.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_week_view.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_default_group_layout.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_group_layout.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_linear_layout.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\inline_event.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\popup_event.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\suggestion_item_layout.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout\simple_group_header_item.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\navigation_drawer_content.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\tab_item_view.xml
ListView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_list_editor.xml
merge;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\radlegendcontrol.xml
merge;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_all_day_event_view.xml
merge;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_day_event_view.xml
microsoft.maui.controls.platform.compatibility.ShellFlyoutLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
padding;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\events_popup_bg.xml
PaletteEntry;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_dark_selected.xml
PaletteEntry;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_default_dark.xml
PaletteEntry;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_default_light.xml
PaletteEntry;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_light_selected.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_dark_selected.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_default_dark.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_default_light.xml
PaletteEntryCollection;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\xml\chart_palettes_light_selected.xml
path;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-anydpi-v21\ic_add_white_24dp.xml
path;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\178\jl\res\drawable\entry_clear_button.xml
paths;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\169\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout\on_demand_automatic.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_1.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_layout_2.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\167\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\attr.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\colors.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\171\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\172\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-night-v8\values-night-v8.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-sw320dp-v13\values-sw320dp-v13.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-sw480dp-v13\values-sw480dp-v13.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values-sw720dp-v13\values-sw720dp-v13.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\values-night-v8\values-night-v8.xml
resources;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;obj\Release\net7.0-android\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Release\net7.0-android\resizetizer\sp\values\maui_colors.xml
ripple;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable-v21\pressable_item_background.xml
SeekBar;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_seek_bar_editor.xml
selector;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_list_item_states.xml
selector;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
selector;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\gingerbread_background.xml
selector;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\pressable_item_background.xml
selector;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\selectable_item_background.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_enter_anim.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_exit_anim.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_in_from_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_in_from_top.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_out_to_bottom.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_out_to_top.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\anim\drawer_slide_in_top.xml
set;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\anim\drawer_slide_out_top.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_default_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_invalid_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_invalid_icon.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_valid_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_valid_icon.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\dataform_number_picker_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\events_popup_bg.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_active.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\shade_bottom.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\shade_corner.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable\shade_right.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable-v21\pressable_item_background.xml
shape;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\drawable\tab_view_popup_background.xml
size;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
size;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_active.xml
size;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_focusable_bg.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_invalid_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_invalid_icon.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_valid_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_valid_icon.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\dataform_number_picker_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\events_popup_bg.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_active.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-v21\autocomplete_bg_normal.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\drawable-v21\pressable_item_background.xml
solid;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\drawable\tab_view_popup_background.xml
Spinner;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_spinner_editor.xml
string;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\167\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\171\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\172\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\values\values.xml
stroke;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\autocomplete_default_background.xml
stroke;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_invalid_background.xml
stroke;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\data_form_valid_background.xml
stroke;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\dataform_number_picker_background.xml
stroke;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable\events_popup_bg.xml
stroke;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\drawable\tab_view_popup_background.xml
style;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\166\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\values\values.xml
TableLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_root_layout.xml
TableLayout;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\177\jl\res\layout\table_layout.xml
Telerik.Maui.Controls.Compatibility.DataControlsRenderer.Android.RadExtendedListView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\177\jl\res\layout\radextendedlistview_scrollbars.xml
Telerik.Maui.Controls.Compatibility.PrimitivesRenderer.Android.AndroidNativeZoomView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\177\jl\res\layout\androidnativezoomview_scrollbars.xml
Telerik.Maui.InputElement.RadEditText;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\178\jl\res\layout\radmauientry.xml
Telerik.Maui.Platform.RadMauiEntry;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\178\jl\res\layout\radmauientry.xml
TextSwitcher;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_sticky_header_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_ohlc_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_scatter_bubble_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_scatter_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_trackball_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\default_trackball_item_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\legend_item_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\ohlc_trackball_item_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\radchartbase.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\170\jl\res\layout\range_trackball_item_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\171\jl\res\layout\trial_message.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_appointment_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_day_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_month_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_week_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_all_day_event_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_day_event_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_default_group_layout.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_header_layout_1.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_header_layout_2.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_editor_validation_layout_1.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_expandable_group_layout.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_spinner_item.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_text_viewer.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\inline_event.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\number_picker.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\popup_event.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\suggestion_item_layout.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout\simple_empty_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout\simple_group_header_item.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout-v11\simple_list_item.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\default_tooltip_content.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\navigation_item_view.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\175\jl\res\layout\tab_item_view.xml
ToggleButton;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\data_form_toggle_button_editor.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\165\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_enter_anim.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_exit_anim.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\168\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_in_from_bottom.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_in_from_top.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_out_to_bottom.xml
translate;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\anim\text_slide_out_to_top.xml
vector;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\drawable-anydpi-v21\ic_add_white_24dp.xml
vector;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\178\jl\res\drawable\entry_clear_button.xml
View;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\173\jl\res\layout\calendar_agenda_sticky_header_separator.xml
View;C:\Users\Tostatronic\Source\Repos\TostatronicMobilApp\Ventas Tostatronic\Ventas Tostatronic\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\174\jl\res\layout-v11\simple_list_item.xml
